Provide a specific document for CAMARA API Event Subscription and Notification (#442)
camaraproject/Commonalities: documentation/CAMARA-API-Event-Subscription-and-Notification.md

> # CAMARA API Event Subscription and Notification Guide

Author: Done

  "specversion": "1.0",
  "datacontenttype": "application/json",
  "data": {
    "subscriptionId": "456g899g",
    "device": {
      "phoneNumber": "+123456789"
    },
    "roaming": true,
    "countryCode": 208,
    "countryName": "FR"
  },
  "time": "2023-01-17T13:18:23.682Z"
}
```

response:

```http
204 No Content
```

Example for subscription termination - Request:

```bash
curl -X 'POST' \
  'https://application-server.com/v0/notifications' \
  -H 'Accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer c8974e592c2fa383d4a3960714' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/cloudevents+json' \
  -d
 ```

 ```json 
{
  "id": 123658,
  "source": "https://notificationSendServer12.supertelco.com",
  "type": "org.camaraproject.api.device-roaming-subscriptions.v1.subscription-ends",
  "specversion": "1.0",
  "datacontenttype": "application/json",
  "data": {
    "subscriptionId": "456g899g",
    "device": {
      "phoneNumber": "+123456789"
    },
    "terminationReason": "SUBSCRIPTION_EXPIRED"
  },
  "time": "2023-01-19T13:18:23.682Z"
}
```

response:

```http
204 No Content
```

## 4. Security

### 4.1. Scope naming

> Regarding scope naming for APIs, which deal with explicit subscriptions, the guidelines propose some changes as compared to [generic rules](/documentation/CAMARA%20API%20Design%20Guide.md#scope-naming), and this is described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding scope naming for APIs, which deal with explicit subscriptions, the guidelines propose some changes as compared to [generic rules](/documentation/CAMARA-API-Design-Guide.md#66-scope-naming), and this is described below:
```
